the very regularity and predictability
of birds can be part of their appeal we
can never be terribly certain where Don
Phillip Island near Melbourne Australia
people come from all over the conscience
to watch a regular evening parade little
penguins the smallest of the family
they fish for pilchards and anchovies
out at sea during the day and every
evening come ashore together to return
to their nests burrows following paths
that have probably been in use for
thousands of years
scientists started to tag them back in
it's the longest-running bird study in
the whole of Australia so by now they
are well used to being stared at
human beings over the last century have
built houses for themselves along the
Penguins Beach but that hasn't deterred
the birds
- half grown chicks are awaiting their
evening meal and the human residents are
only too delighted to have such engaging
lodgers with regular habits living
beneath their front doorstep